The questions (at minimum) that the assignment should address are as follows:

1. Are there significant hours of the day, and days of the week, on which accidents occur?
2. For motorbikes, are there significant hours of the day, and days of the week, on which accidents occur? We suggest a focus on: Motorcycle 125cc and under, Motorcycle over 125cc and up to 500cc, and Motorcycle over 500cc.
3. For pedestrians involved in accidents, are there significant hours of the day, and days of the week, on which they are more likely to be involved?
4. Using the apriori algorithm, explore the impact of selected variables on accident severity.
5. Identify accidents in our region: Kingston upon Hull, Humberside, and the East Riding of Yorkshire etc. You can do this by filtering on LSOA, or police region or another method if you can find one. Run clustering on this data. What do these clusters reveal about the distribution of accidents in our region?
6. Choose three policing areas by filtering the data using the "police_force" column, then create time series models to predict weekly accident counts for the upcoming year based on historical data from 2017 to 2019.
7. Identify the three Local Super Output Areas (LSOAs) of Hull city that recorded the highest number of road accidents in the first three months of 2020, then employ a time series model to forecast daily accident occurrences for the upcoming month (e.g., July), leveraging data from the preceding six months (e.g., January to June) for these high-incident areas.
8. Construct a social network using the provided data and visualise the network, then provide the basic network characteristics, including numbers of nodes and edges, network density, average degree.
9. Calculate the edge centrality of this network and plot the distribution of the edge centrality values.
10. Use two community detection algorithms to detect the clusters/community within this social network, then compare the difference of results (the number of clusters and numbers of nodes in each cluster).